clarify discourse administration (#44)
nix-open-org/org-v2: doc/discourse.md

To request permissions or changes to Discourse, talk to one of the [administrators](https://discourse.nixos.org/about).

> The administration is handled by 2 Moderators, 1-2 representatives from the SC and the appointed Administrators from Flying Circus and the Infra Team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The administration is handled by 2 Moderators, 1-2 representatives from the SC and the following Administrators from Flying Circus and the Infra Team.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The administration is handled by 2 Moderators, 1-2 representatives from the Steering Committee and the following Administrators from Flying Circus and the Infra Team.
```

> The administration is handled by 2 Moderators, 1-2 representatives from the Steering Committee and the following Administrators from Flying Circus (Discourse hosting provider) and the Infra Team.

Reviewer 3: That Flying Circus is the hoster is already mentioned above the fold.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The administration is handled by 2 Moderators, 1-2 representatives from the Steering Committee, and the following Administrators from the sponsoring hosting provider (Flying Circus as mentioned above) and the Infra Team.
```
@jtojnar this is the direction I sort of felt like going in.

Moderators:
- @lassulus
- @picnoir

SC representatives:
- @jtojnar

> Flying Circus Administrators:
> - https://discourse.nixos.org/u/ctheune
> - https://discourse.nixos.org/u/dpausp

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Flying Circus Administrators:
- @ctheune
- @dpausp
```
